Deploy Monday 19 April: More meta descriptions (#414)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-content: content/early-years-teaching-training.md

 - EYTS
 - Early Years Teacher Status
 - Under 5
date: "2021-03-29"
description: |-

>   Early years teachers use their knowledge and skills to help younger children

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As an early years teacher you'll use your knowledge and skills to help younger children
```

Reviewer: maybe use 'you' rather than 'they' in a bid for "usercentredness"
